Li Jiaren is you
I found out that Wu Tian put sand in the porridge
Is there any hard evidence?
Sir, I'm not lying
If you don't believe it, you can see it for yourself.
God damn Wutian put sand in the porridge
No food?
Yes, these dog officials are big fish and meat every day
Let's eat sand
There's no humanity left.
This sky
It was outrageous.
Sir, what you see is just the tip of the iceberg.
Too much evil
Many innocent people were murdered by him
Even our Li family was poisoned by him
Go and meet this Wu Tian
Commander Life has sent the inspector
Has arrived at the barracks
Dongchang, go see you
I don't have a mouth. Yeah?
I see the other party is very angry
Can't you not come forward?
Okay, see you too
Chairperson, how great your official prestige is!
I don't know who is willing to ask for atonement when the chief arrives
Don't come with me
Wu Tian, you are guilty
Sir, I have committed a good crime
Happy big
Do you still dare to pretend to be stupid in front of the inspector?
Quickly get rid of the hurtful things you did
Throw your gun